okay I know I look disgusting as I just
woke up okay every Christmas Eve being
was always over each other's presents
and a lot of years like to mess with
them with wrapping paper this year I got
a little even crazy
I wrapped his present in seventy feet of
duct tape so I want to see his reaction
and how long it takes him to open it so
let's see what happens I was I got you a
present
Merry Christmas
70 feet of duct tape let's see how fast
he can open it his first move involves a
knife he comes for lateral assault
across the left side to the right Flint
he goes even more it gets another
peripheral blast for a Middle Earth
that's like an award is it I say don't
make the knife go like that and close it
on your hand because I've done that
before there's I'm not stupid I would go
along the seams so far you're it like
you're at 40 seconds so far i doo dee
doo dee Ann in pink that is it in 2010
thanks but I don't wait how far in the
box is so I can just like stab it don't
go that far
you've probably got an edge I would just
if you go along this size there's
nothing on the side here yeah that's
what I say it's like literally the only
virtual option this thing could stay
together for like three hundred years
with the bottle you know it seems of the
box
if terrorists are looking for a good way
to make things invincible
I suggest 70 80 mm what don't give
terrorists I guess there is Christmas
present I learned it from yeah Santa
taught me Santa's a straight-up G I'll
sneak you cheap hussy every Christmas
all right we'll go into a fast forward
motion sequence since it's already been
almost two minutes
ah two minutes of 30 seconds hey God
here's total hags
all he did was cut through to the top
you're supposed to stupid hack so I'm
calling punkbuster yeah yeah busting the
innocent since when over there my love's
copyright infringement or trademark
infringement to show what he got I'll
get you next year
you can try I'll use three hundred yards
of duct tape I stood up and challenging
Merry Christmas guys